hello everyone is at lille 59 rbx
today I'm doing a tutorial video so
as we will finally see two free on
pc free bed that would also like
tell you that the video I had posted
so update so we wait
I 'll be only sow sourbins videos on
the computer waiting for dazzle so the
about that I have inactive mode
you first have in your other
google internet browser you type
plateau I would put it well at the
description so like that to be
directed directly to the site
So here is the place where you
down then you have movies
when you still ask you have game
he knows that we are interested
click on microsoft pc and that's it and
I also add more common is rare
winzip and iso that if you have not
can download
so we did not see there a bar of
search collect fruit you go
put in his raft free them
what am I saying extremely modern
warfare 2 all the while here is there
will have several results
I took the third line
that of the 67
because because we actually use a
laptop pc and that's it and on pc fixed in
I do not have it works
what are you trying to do when you click on it
we will give him his record is indecent
and here we will have five parts the
here is the download there is a to the
crazy no it's not all the time otherwise
it will block here after all
the files are finished so we
picks up better in my trash
when I was going to make a video at the
bri so tac
and there of a doorman I do not know where finally
the last two parts actually me
I three parts but how do you say
in fact I deleted and saw the
re-download I downloaded that
barter
I was too lazy to do a little bit of
patience so what I did and that
I took too much at the end of the night
miss two so that's not true so this
which you are going to put first
without your office then you go
split the five so imagine that
the two bassoons the water here here you
leave the five pages well in
f3000 you take the five click votes
right and get you extracted here next
when you explain you are going to have
two bars like those end to frame is
happy overflows the download when
everything will end you will have this
folder there that will appear modern
warfare 2 then you seconds
finally no but you will not have saints
then you will have had this icon and
cicollela you click on a double and
400 ex points and the game will launch
just believe a warning message
to remember that the jailer called in
English but hey it's not what
wanted to show because otherwise you go
see that slab it would be a black screen
why I thank you for having
watched the video and the next is
abolished greets you